introducing the newest line of CST
Berger rotary lasers this is the RL 25 H
rotary laser used for exterior leveling
projects such as Escovedo putting x'
foundations site work and grading the RL
25 H offers three thirty-seconds of an
inch accuracy up to 100 feet to
guarantee precise results and it's
extended range of 2,000 feet diameter
can handle larger jobsite applications
the RL 25 h was built to handle the
toughest job site conditions it's
durable housing as plenty of overmold in
key impact areas to withstand a 3-foot
drop the rotary head is enclosed with
high precision glass and durable gasket
material to deliver and approved IP 56
rating to guarantee protection from
construction dust and the occasional
thunderstorm the RL 25 H is equipped
with an anti drift feature which
automatically powers down the laser if
the unit has been bumped or has slowly
drifted from the original benchmark to
ensure greater accuracy on the job site
with its intuitive keypad the RL 25 H is
quick and easy to set up and use
eliminating the need to constantly
adjust the great rod as you work with a
sloped grade on the jobsite the RL 25 H
offers a single access slope control
feature making complex grading
applications simple after selecting the
manual grade mode you can use the up and
down arrows to change the slope of the
laser beam to match the desired slope or
pitch of the jobsite the new family of
CST Berger rotary lasers includes an
interior model the RL 25 hv the RL 25 hv
has the same accuracy range and
durability as the RL 25 H with
additional features for indoor layout
applications such as laying out
partition walls and installing drop
ceilings the RL 25 hv can be put in a
lay down position for vertical
applications such as laying out
partition walls it also has an
replumb up beam for laying out perfect
corners the RL 25 hv has three rotation
speeds and spot in sweep mode features
to enhance beam visibility in bright
light conditions the CST Berger RL 25 H
and RL 25 HP were designed and
manufactured in Watseka Illinois every
RL 25 H and RL 25 hv is individually
calibrated after assembly and includes a
calibration certificate to ensure the
precision quality and durability you
need to perform on the jobsite the new
family of rotary lasers from CST Berger
are built to perform under the toughest
job site conditions
you